faq: add multistatement faq (#4029) (#4031)
pingcap/docs: faq/tidb-faq.md

Check whether `tidb_disable_txn_auto_retry` is set to `on`. If so, set it to `off`; if it is already `off`, increase the value of `tidb_retry_limit` until the error no longer occurs.

#### ERROR 1105 (HY000): client has multi-statement capability disabled

This error might occur after upgrading from an earlier version of TiDB. To prevent against SQL injection attacks, TiDB now prevents multiple queries being executed in the same `COM_QUERY` call by default.

> Check the documentation for your client driver for instructions on how to enable multiple statements. i.e:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the following documentation for your client driver for instructions on how to enable multiple statements:
```
